from the folder categorized by distance result we start going through all list using the function categorize-by-distance.py with some differences.
1- we don't filter the lists only by 1/1 reward we filter it by every reward available in the lists(rounded to their down real number) but for each reward/risk we do all lists one
exp: for reward 1/2 we start counting each under 2 R/R as -1 and each number greater than 2 as +2
do this for every reward
so as expected we would have as many lists as we have risk/reward rounded numbers
only return the lists that their overall reward counts are greater than 0 after the formula was applied on each one, so we expect the formula to remove some lists after the equations

another equation to add to the formula is count how many trades we have in each list and reduce 1 for every 20 trades. for example if we have 400 trades we should reduce 20 from the overall results of the last equation


2- then we filter the results(the list that was created) by the hour with the same approach for each list, first we filter each list by the weekdays and buy/sell like we did before.
the result would be a folder of 10 list for each of the list extracted from the categorize-by-distance.
then we start applying the formula of removing the lists by the R/R we had got the results from but for each folder we use the reward we .


the input gonna be a folder containing a bunch of lists filtered by distance
1-first we extract all the R/Rs available in the list(rounded down to their real number) so we do the function for each one

do the rest of this function for each R/R from now on:

2- then for each R/R we start applying this formula,we go through all the list and see that if each trade R/R is greater than the R/R we are working on or smaller. if smaller count it as -1 and if greater count it as bigger than +R/R(the number that we are iterate from)
we also count how many trades are in that list and we count each 20 trades that we count as -1.
exp: for R/R=1/2 we see if the trade is greater than 2 we count it as +2 and for each under 2 or SL we count it as -1.
and if for exp we have 400 trades we should also reduce -20.

also then we calculate for each list if the total gonna be greater than zero or smaller than 0. if in that list it's greater than 0 we return the list as succesful and if it's smaller we don't return the list.

at the end we return all the remaining lists as 1 list.


3- for the next operation first we filter and categorize the list by the hours like we did in categorize-by-hour.py
then we start applying the last formula that we used in the before function as i will explain again now.
we go through all the list and see that if each trade R/R is greater than the R/R we are working on or smaller. if smaller count it as -1 and if greater count it as bigger than +R/R(the number that we are iterate from)
we also count how many trades are in that list and we count each 20 trades that we count as -1.

then again we calculate for each list if the total gonna be greater than zero or smaller than 0. if in that list it's greater than 0 we return the list as succesful and if it's smaller we don't return the list.


at the end we return all the remaining lists as 1 list.

3- for this operation we filter and categorize the list by the days of the week like we did in categorize-by-weekdays.py.

then again we apply the same formula we applied in the last two equations. 

again at the end we return all the remaining lists as 1 list and also we organize the list by date and hour of the trade.